Uni Work Checklist.md, before:

DATA2: 

5) 
	- [ ] [[XML]] and [[JSON]]
	- [ ] [[NoSQL]]
6) 
	- [ ] [[Unsupervised learning and K-means]]
7) 
	- [ ] [[Supervised Learning and Logistic Regression]]
8) 
	- [ ] [[Big Data and its Challenges]]
	- [ ] [[Dealing with Big Data]]
	- [ ] [[A MapReduce Example]]
9) 
	- [ ] [[Non Parametric Test]]
- [ ] [[DATA2 Practicals List]] 
</br>

ENG1:

7) 
	- [ ] [[Introduction to Software Engineering]]
	- [ ] [[Team Working]]
	- [ ] [[Version Control (Git)]]
8) 
	- [ ] [[Project Planning and Risk Management]]
	- [ ] [[Requirements Engineering]]
9) 
	- [ ] [[Object-Oriented Modelling with UML]]
	- [ ] [[Object-Oriented Patterns]]

[[Resources]]

</br>

HCI2:

2) 
	- [ ] [[HCI2 Intro]]
3) 
	- [ ] [[Cognitive Modelling and User Capabilities]]
	- [ ] [[Memory]]
	- [ ] [[Attention]]
4) 
	- [ ] [[CSCW]]
5) 
	- [ ] [[The pervasiveness of technology]]
	- [ ] [[Ubiquitous Computing]]
9) 
	- [ ] [[Values and Etchis in Design 1]]

</br>

INT1:

4) 
	- [ ] [[Informed search and heuristics]]
5) 
	- [ ] [[Intro to Game Theory]]
	- [ ] [[Adversarial Search]]
	- [ ] [[MinMax Algorithm]]
6) 
	- [ ] 
7) 
	- [ ] [[Reminder of Propositional Logic]]
	- [ ] [[Representing Knowledge in PL]]
	- [ ] [[Reasoning with PL]]
	- [ ] [[Properties of PL]]
8) 
	- [ ] [[SAT Solving]]
9) 
	- [ ] [[Reminder of FOPC]]
	- [ ] [[Substitution]]
	- [ ] [[Inference]]
	- [ ] [[Chaining]]
10) 
	- [ ] [[Philosophical Issues 1]]

[[INT1 Practicals List]]
</br>

SYS2:

2) 
	- [ ] [[Introduction To Operating system services]]
3) 
	- [ ] [[Processes and Threads]] 
4) 
	- [ ] [[Process Scheduling and IPC]]
5) 
6) Nothing
7) 
	- [ ] [[Synchronization]]
8) 
	- [ ] [[Deadlocks]]
9) 
	- [ ] [[Memory Management]]
10) 
	- [ ] [[I-O, Storage and File Management]]

[[SYS2 Practical List]]
</br>

THE3:

Commit message:

HCI2: In-the-wild Theory & Methods (w6) added

Uni Work Checklist.md, after:

DATA2: 

5) 
	- [ ] [[XML]] and [[JSON]]
	- [ ] [[NoSQL]]
6) 
	- [ ] [[Unsupervised learning and K-means]]
7) 
	- [ ] [[Supervised Learning and Logistic Regression]]
8) 
	- [ ] [[Big Data and its Challenges]]
	- [ ] [[Dealing with Big Data]]
	- [ ] [[A MapReduce Example]]
9) 
	- [ ] [[Non Parametric Test]]
- [ ] [[DATA2 Practicals List]] 
</br>

ENG1:

7) 
	- [ ] [[Introduction to Software Engineering]]
	- [ ] [[Team Working]]
	- [ ] [[Version Control (Git)]]
8) 
	- [ ] [[Project Planning and Risk Management]]
	- [ ] [[Requirements Engineering]]
9) 
	- [ ] [[Object-Oriented Modelling with UML]]
	- [ ] [[Object-Oriented Patterns]]

[[Resources]]

</br>

HCI2:

2) 
	- [ ] [[HCI2 Intro]]
3) 
	- [ ] [[Cognitive Modelling and User Capabilities]]
	- [ ] [[Memory]]
	- [ ] [[Attention]]
4) 
	- [ ] [[CSCW]]
5) 
	- [ ] [[The pervasiveness of technology]]
	- [ ] [[Ubiquitous Computing]]
6) 
	- [ ] [[In-the-wild Theory]]
	- [ ] [[In-the-wild Methods]]
7) 
8) 
9) 
	- [ ] [[Values and Etchis in Design 1]]

</br>

INT1:

4) 
	- [ ] [[Informed search and heuristics]]
5) 
	- [ ] [[Intro to Game Theory]]
	- [ ] [[Adversarial Search]]
	- [ ] [[MinMax Algorithm]]
6) 
	- [ ] 
7) 
	- [ ] [[Reminder of Propositional Logic]]
	- [ ] [[Representing Knowledge in PL]]
	- [ ] [[Reasoning with PL]]
	- [ ] [[Properties of PL]]
8) 
	- [ ] [[SAT Solving]]
9) 
	- [ ] [[Reminder of FOPC]]
	- [ ] [[Substitution]]
	- [ ] [[Inference]]
	- [ ] [[Chaining]]
10) 
	- [ ] [[Philosophical Issues 1]]

[[INT1 Practicals List]]
</br>

SYS2:

2) 
	- [ ] [[Introduction To Operating system services]]
3) 
	- [ ] [[Processes and Threads]] 
4) 
	- [ ] [[Process Scheduling and IPC]]
5) 
6) Nothing
7) 
	- [ ] [[Synchronization]]
8) 
	- [ ] [[Deadlocks]]
9) 
	- [ ] [[Memory Management]]
10) 
	- [ ] [[I-O, Storage and File Management]]

[[SYS2 Practical List]]
</br>

THE3:
